[NewProduct] Red Hat Satellite (#2000)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/satellite.md

---
title: Red Hat Satellite
category: server-app
changelogTemplate: "https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/__RELEASE_CYCLE__/html/release_notes/index"
releases:
-   releaseCycle: "6.12"
    eol: 2024-05-31
    support: 2023-05-31
    releaseDate: 2022-11-16
    latest: "6.12.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-16
-   releaseCycle: "6.11"
    eol: 2024-01-31
    support: 2022-11-30
    releaseDate: 2022-07-05
    latest: "6.11.4.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.10"
    eol: 2023-05-31
    support: 2022-06-30
    releaseDate: 2021-11-16
    latest: "6.10.7.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.9"
    eol: 2022-11-30
    support: 2021-11-30
    releaseDate: 2021-04-16
    latest: "6.9.10"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
iconSlug: redhat
permalink: /redhat-satellite
alternate_urls:
-   /rhsat
releasePolicyLink: https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/satellite
activeSupportColumn: Full support
releaseColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: Maintenance support
discontinuedColumn: false
versionCommand: yum info satellite

---

> "[Red Hat Satellite](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/management/satellite) is an infrastructure management product specifically designed to keep 

Reviewer: I did not meant this kind of quote, but [this one](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#quoting-text).

Sorry I should have been more clear.

---

> title: Red Hat Satellite Server

Reviewer: Why not just `Red Hat Satellite` ? That's how Red Hat calls this product.

category: server-app
changelogTemplate: "https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/__RELEASE_CYCLE__/html/release_notes/index"
releases:
-   releaseCycle: "6.12"
    eol: 2024-05-31
    support: 2023-05-31
    releaseDate: 2022-11-16
    latest: "6.12.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-16
-   releaseCycle: "6.11"
    eol: 2024-01-31
    support: 2022-11-30
    releaseDate: 2022-07-05
    latest: "6.11.4.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.10"
    eol: 2023-05-31
    support: 2022-06-30
    releaseDate: 2021-11-16
    latest: "6.10.7.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.9"
    eol: 2022-11-30
    support: 2021-11-30

>     releaseDate: 2021-11-16

Reviewer: 6.9 entered GA on 2021-04-21 according to https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/satellite.

    latest: "6.9.10"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
iconSlug: redhat
permalink: /satellite
alternate_urls:

> -   /rhsat

Reviewer: Maybe also `/redhat-satellite` ?

Author: I changed the permalink to redhat-satellite, is this what you intended? Or do you mean the alternative_urls?

Reviewer: I initially meant the alternate_urls, but that's fine too.

releasePolicyLink: https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/satellite
activeSupportColumn: Full support
releaseColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: Maintenance support
discontinuedColumn: false
versionCommand: yum info satellite

---

> [Red Hat® Satellite](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/management/satellite) is an infrastructure management product specifically designed to keep 

Reviewer: Should we really use `®` ? If yes, should not we use it everywhere (such as with `Red Hat infrastructure` on the next line) ?

> [Red Hat® Satellite](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/management/satellite) is an infrastructure management product specifically designed to keep 

Reviewer: Lines 44-45 should be a quote.

Red Hat Enterprise Linux® environments and other Red Hat infrastructure running efficiently, with security, and compliant with various standards.

> There is a new minor release approximately every 6 months.

Reviewer: Maybe something like :

> Red Hat delivers a new release approximately every 6 months. Each release have full support for six month, then enters in maintenance support for one year. Additional release infos can be found on [https://access.redhat.com/articles/1365633#sat6](https://access.redhat.com/articles/1365633#sat6).

The first link is also the `releasePolicyLink`, so I do not think it is necessary to keep it.

---
title: Red Hat Satellite Server
category: server-app
changelogTemplate: "https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/__RELEASE_CYCLE__/html/release_notes/index"
releases:
-   releaseCycle: "6.12"
    eol: 2024-05-31
    support: 2023-05-31
    releaseDate: 2022-11-16
    latest: "6.12.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-16
-   releaseCycle: "6.11"
    eol: 2024-01-31
    support: 2022-11-30
    releaseDate: 2022-07-05
    latest: "6.11.4.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.10"
    eol: 2023-05-31
    support: 2022-06-30
    releaseDate: 2021-11-16
    latest: "6.10.7.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
-   releaseCycle: "6.9"
    eol: 2022-11-30
    support: 2021-11-30
    releaseDate: 2021-11-16
    latest: "6.9.10"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-11-17
iconSlug: redhat
permalink: /satellite
alternate_urls:
-   /rhsat
releasePolicyLink: https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/satellite
activeSupportColumn: Full support
releaseColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: Maintenance support
discontinuedColumn: false

> versionCommand: yum info satellite

Reviewer 2: just a small question : wasnt redhat using dnf ? i mean shouldnt this one be `dnf info satellite`
@heuwerk

Author: Thank you for fixing the Issues.
Red Hat has supported dnf since RHEL 8, but the version still supported, Satellite 6.10, is only compatible with RHEL 7. yum can be used under both versions of Red Hat Enterprise Linux, so I thought this was the more general approach.

Reviewer 2: i see

Author: Not any that I know about.
In this [Red Hat Article](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/2159361) it is discribed with `rpm -q satellite --queryformat "%{VERSION}"` for Version 6.

The installed Version is also displayed on top of the login webpage.

Reviewer 2: Lets we keep this like this instead of adding a long command

---

[Red Hat® Satellite](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/management/satellite) is an infrastructure management product specifically designed to keep 
Red Hat Enterprise Linux® environments and other Red Hat infrastructure running efficiently, with security, and compliant with various standards.

Red Hat Satellite Server is based on Open-Source technology.
To name a few:
- [Foreman](https://theforeman.org)
- [Katello](https://theforeman.org/plugins/katello/)
- [Pulp](https://pulpproject.org)

> - [Candlepin](https://www.candlepinproject.org)

Reviewer 3: Not sure if this list is helpful to the average RH Sat user, who visits to check for support. Unless we provide a version/support mapping to these projects perhaps.

Could be dropped, imo.

Reviewer 2: @heuwerk ping

Author: @captn3m0 You're right. Could you just delete it please?

---

"[Red Hat Satellite](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/management/satellite) is an infrastructure management product specifically designed to keep 

> Red Hat Enterprise Linux® environments and other Red Hat infrastructure running efficiently, with security, and compliant with various standards."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments and other Red Hat infrastructure running efficiently, with security, and compliant with various standards."
```

Would like to follow Wikipedia here and say no to Trademark/Copyright/Registered Trademark symbols: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style/Trademarks#General_rules

> Red Hat delivers a new release approximately every 6 months. Each release have full support for six month, then enters in maintenance support for one year. Additional release infos can be found on https://access.redhat.com/articles/1365633#sat6.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Red Hat delivers a new release approximately every 6 months. Each release is actively supported for six months, and followed by one year of maintenance support. Release Dates are published on the [Red Hat Customer Portal](https://access.redhat.com/articles/1365633).
```

Avoid using future tense, unless the policy is changing in the future.
